## Review Homework 8 Plot
### Classmate: Manu Pathak (mp4515, pathakmanu)

### CLARITY: is the plot easy to read? is it clear or confusing, are the quantities being visualized ambiguous? 

The plot is a map of Sacramento County. It is very easy to read as the two colors used are drastically different. The quantity being shown is a boolean. above the graph it describes what each color corresponds to. A label on the map itself with Sacramento County might eliminate the necessity for the axes. 


### ESTHETIC: beautiful is a subjective judgment: you should not judge the plot on the basis of whether you think it is "beautiful", but you should judge whether its aesthetic is functional to what it is meant to communicate. Are the colors chosen appropriately? Are the graphical elements used appropriate to represent the quantities being visualized? Are the graphical choices allowing you to focus on the right elements or are they distracting you?

The two colors (yellow and purple) are a bit harsh, but appropriate for any color blind person to see the difference. It would be interesting to mark the areas that do not necessarily need USPS delivery, for example a park or highway. Another suggestion would be doing an inverse of colors so that the areas without usps delivery are highlighted vs in a darker color, as I believe that is the focus of the graph

### HONESTY: is the plot honestly reproducing the data or is it deforming it, perhaps to emphasize a point?

I looked up a map of Sacramento and it looks pretty similar. Unfortunately, the code itself was not supplied to see how the data was analyzed to create the graph. I believe the plot shows that this is gap in USPS delivery areas, but I do wonder if there is a correlation with any particular kind of land use that can explain it. 

Overall it is a clear and concise map. 


### Classmate: Yunhe Cui (yc3420, yunhecui)


#### CLARITY: is the plot easy to read? is it clear or confusing, are the quantities being visualized ambiguous? 

The map itself is easy to read to see which areas have the most people. There are axes given that do not have labels and I don't believe that they represent longitude and latitude. The description is concise and gives good background to how the size of an area and the population may be correlated - and also may contribute to misconceptions. s

#### ESTHETIC: beautiful is a subjective judgment: you should not judge the plot on the basis of whether you think it is "beautiful", but you should judge whether its aesthetic is functional to what it is meant to communicate. Are the colors chosen appropriately? Are the graphical elements used appropriate to represent the quantities being visualized? Are the graphical choices allowing you to focus on the right elements or are they distracting you?

Sometimes adding commas in numbers or showing them as scientific notation helps a reader read large numbers faster and easier. The graph is black and white, which could be appropriate for the use case, though not very eye catching. It certainly is color blind accessible though! 

Also some of the lighter colors seem to be blending in with the white background. If sticking with black and white, it could be nice to add an outline to each zip code. 

#### HONESTY: is the plot honestly reproducing the data or is it deforming it, perhaps to emphasize a point?

Manhattan is very populated, but doesn't seem to show very dark (large) quantities. It may have been interesting to do a ratio of some sort. For example: population per square foot. This would put all of the zip codes on the same page and makes it easier to compare them on a different level. 
